{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 FiraMono-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 FiraMono-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red70\green77\blue86;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c34510\c37647\c41176;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17760\viewh21060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
# FiraGO 1.0 * NEW *\
\
- 15 weights, 2 styles (Roman & Italic)\
\
## New family name\
For [several reasons](https://github.com/bBoxType/FiraGO/blob/master/FiraGO_FiraSans_Comparison.pdf), we decided to establish FiraGO as a new product. That way users of FiraSans can also install FiraGO without any conflict.\
\
- [Read about FiraGO vs Fira Sans](https://github.com/bBoxType/FiraGO/blob/master/FiraGO_FiraSans_Comparison.pdf)\
- [Try out FiraGO in your browser](https://bboxtype.com/typefaces/FiraGO/#!layout=editor)\
- [View a technical report and all specimens](https://bboxtype.com/downloads/FiraGO/Technical_Report_FiraGO.pdf)\
- [See FiraGO's home on bBox Type](https://bboxtype.com/typefaces/FiraGO/#!layout=specimen)\
\
## Script support \
\
Identical to Fira Sans 4.3:\
- Latin Extended\
- IPA\
- Pan African\
- Cyrillic Extended (+ locl BGR and SRB)\
- Polytonic Greek\
\
Additionally in FiraGO:\
- Arabic\
- Devanagari\
- Georgian\
- Hebrew\
- Thai\
\
Technical improvements\
- Manual basic True Type Hinting via Glyphs\
\
Please also see the pdf comparison document.\
\
# Future prospect\
- All upcoming extensions will be based on FiraGO.\
- Fira Sans version 4.3 will be the last version for the time being. \
\
## LEGAL\
- Digitized data copyright 2012-2018 for Fira GO, Carrois Corporate GbR and HERE Europe B.V. All rights reserved, with Reserved Font Name \'84Fira\'93\
- Digitized data copyright 2012-2018 for Fira Sans up to version 4.3 The Mozilla Foundation, Telefonica S.A., Carrois Corporate GbR and bBox Type GmbH, with Reserved Font Name \'84Fira\'93\
- Design 2016 and later for Fira Sans & FiraGO: Carrois Corporate GbR and bBox Type GmbH\
\
## Contributors FiraGO\
\
- Design FiraGO Arabic: Ralph du Carrois, Titus Nemeth and Hasan Abu Afash \
- Design FiraGO Devanagari: Rob Keller, Kimya Gandhi and Natalie Rauch\
- Design FiraGO Georgian: Akaki Razmadze and Anja Meiners\
- Design FiraGO Hebrew: Natalie Rauch with consultancy support by Yanek Iontef\
- Design FiraGO Thai: Mark Fr\'f6mberg with consultancy support by Ben Mitchell\
- Hinting: Monika Bartels and Anke Bonk at FontWerk (now Alphabet Type)\
- Scripts and technical support: Mark Fr\'f6mberg\
\
## ! THANK YOU ! MERCI ! DANKE ! Dzi\uc0\u281 kuj\u281  !  Gracias ! Kiitos ! Obrigado ! \u1057 \u1087 \u1072 \u1089 \u1080 \u1073 \u1086  !\
\
- Laura Junkkonen & Carlo Bernoulli at HERE for believing in Fira and making this huge update possible\
- Designers and consultants (s.a.). It is a pleasure to work with you.\
- Georg Seifert for all-time technical support and advice. What a mighty tool.\
- Finally in advance: the whole community who will help improving FiraGO via Mail and GitHub.\
\
## NEXT STEPS \
\
- Math? Mono extension? Mono Italic? Serif? Slab? FiraGO Condensed? Broader script support? \'85\
- It\'92s up to you. We\'92re looking for extension funding and expert\'92s consultancy.\
\
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\
\
Fira Sans is a trademark of The Mozilla Corporation.\
\
### Recent Fira Sans versions (this branch will not be maintained anymore)\
\
- Fira Sans 4.3 (Normal width plus Condensed & Compressed)\
- Fira Code 3.2\
- Fira Mono 3.2\
\
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\
\
### FiraGO font weights:\
\
- Two 			(2 units / CSS 100)\
- Four 			(4 units / CSS 100)\
- Six  			(6 units / CSS 100)\
- Eight			(8 units / CSS 100)\
- Hair 			(14 units / CSS 100)\
- Thin 			(22 units / CSS 100)\
- UltraLight 	(34 units / CSS 200)\
- ExtraLight 	(46 units / CSS 250)\
- Light 		(58 units / CSS 300)\
- Book 			(84 units / CSS 350)\
- Regular 		(92 units / CSS 400)\
- Medium 		(128 units / CSS 500)\
- SemiBold 		(142 units / CSS 600)\
- Bold 			(158 units / CSS 700)\
- ExtraBold 	(178 units / CSS 800)\
- Heavy 		(198 units / CSS 900)\
\
__* Note on thin weight fractional coordinates__\
\
All weights below \'93Thin\'94 use fractional coordinates which is an optical decision. Rendering engines might not be able to deal with that correctly. As for that, these weights should be seen as an experiment by now. If you notice any problems in smaller sizes please consider to use weights from Thin.\
\
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\
\
## CHANGE LOG FiraGO\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ### version/build 1.001 (20.03.18)\
\
parallel to Fira Sans 4301:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 issue #25 Fira Sans Repo: change be.loclBGR to ve.loclBGR, thanks StefanPeev \
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- i\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 ntroduce clear names for stylistic sets\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 separate stylistic variant a and g (a=ss04, g=ss05), for R.Trinler\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 issue #12 Fira Sans Repo: change shape of /longs according to /f and /germandbls in Italic, thanks\cb2  \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
thlinard
\f1\b \cf4  \

\f0\b0 \cf0 \cb1 - \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 optimize anchor position of /zeta\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
- \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 add rfn-notice to copyright: with Reserved Font Name "Fira"\
- issue #26 Fira Sans Repo: Moved ligatures f_f, f_f_i, f_f_j, f_j, f_f_l to liga-feature. Thanks Ray.\
\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 only FiraGO 1001:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
- issue #9: add alternative /four accessible via ss06\
- make loclBGR/SRB work\
\
### version/build 1.000 (15.02.18)\
- first official version\
}